Thank you.
I would like to thank the Library of Congress and its directors for putting this evening and proposing together.
It is so exciting to me to meet for the first time some people with whom I have been corresponding for many years.
and to see some old friends who have some great distances.
And I thank all of you from the body to my heart for being here this evening and making it so very special for me and for everyone in the community.
I heard earlier, if I didn't say this very correctly, the book in the Library of Congress is a unique organization.
It's a partnership with the Library.
The Library of Congress pays for the four staff salaries that
By law, we depend on contributions from the private sector for all of our projects and all of our programs, and this would not have been possible tonight without help from Henry Holden Company, which made a contribution to the Senate for the Book, which is helping to pay for the symposium and the dinner.
And we're really very pleased about this and pleased that tonight,
Muriel Kaplan.
Muriel is the general counsel for Henry Colt that's here.
And furthermore, I should say that Muriel is the one who, as the person most closely involved with the Henry Colt archives, I know from talking to Carol and to Alex McLeod and I think to some of the others, has been immensely helpful for historical research and to our people who've worked on this.
the River series, and I'm very pleased to not only acknowledge Henry Holt's help, but to ask Muriel to come up for a few words.
Good evening.
I'm delighted to be here.
I want to thank John Cullin for the book.
I want to thank Carol Fitzgerald who's got me more involved in aspects of Rivers of America series.
On behalf of Michael Nellman, who has been at Henry Paulson Company and Henry Paulson, we thank everyone for being here.
This is a particular honor for me.
I do work on issues relating to rights.
To see to come alive like this is a special treat for me.
And in my work, every day I usually feel that present items or works that are going to be published in the year 2000 or 2001.
So it's particularly nice to be able to delve past into history through this program.
Thank you.
Thank you, Muriel, and thank you to Henry Holden's company.
And if you want to read about the complicated publishing history of this series, there's a note in the program that we prepare.
Thank you very much.
I mentioned earlier that we're developing plans to the Center for the Emergency, New Rivers of America project.
We're not sure exactly how that's going to develop and what precisely that means, but we do know that it's going to help combine
literary, historical, and environmental issues focused on the rivers of America.
And I'm very pleased tonight to have representatives in two of the rivers, heritage, environmental groups
that we look forward to cooperating with.
In fact, we started cooperating on a project with one of them, and I'd like to call on these two folks to say just a word or two.
The first is Pam Michaels, and Pam represents International Rivers Network,
involved in a poetry project already about the rivers of America called the River of Words and the Center for the Book is pleased now to become involved with this project and to be hosting the winners of his children's poetry project at L.C.
and I leave you in case you say.
I want to thank you too for bringing together this amazing room full of people.
I'm just the one who works on the British Union room.
People are so, there's so much wisdom, visual wisdom in this room right now.
It's really an honor.
River of Words is an environmental poetry and art context for American children.
We invite children to form their natural landscape to interpret what they've learned in words and images.
It's two years old and thanks to John, we have eight national winners every year who come to the Library of Congress and are honored in this room with their teachers and read their poetry and play their hard work.
We at International Rivers Network believe that in order to restore rivers, you have to re-story them in a way.
And the work that's been coming into our office over the past two years of watershed-specific
words and images from the children of America really constitutes a view of America's nature, the eyes of its children.
And while some of it is quite horrifying, I have to tell you, a lot of kids believe that we're killing the earth.
That's the tone of a lot of the culture we see.
There's also a lot of hope.
And we think that getting kids out into their communities, exploring their local creeks and rivers and watersheds,
help them have a sense of belonging and place and ultimately will make them better stewards and hopefully will protect the ones in the river.
So I thank Senator the Book for partnering up with us and we invite you to come on May 3rd for our awards ceremony for the 97 national winners here in the library.
Rebecca Water is the president of American Rivers and I know several of you have met Rebecca tonight and I'd like to call on her to say a few words about Rivers and River Heritage and whatever else she would like to say.
Thank you, John.
I appreciate also the opportunity to be here.
I'd like to first recognize two important people who are with me here tonight.
One of my board members, Anne Christendon.
She's a writer herself and one of our inspiring forces.
And also, Tom Cassidy, our general counsel, is here with me tonight.
I want to introduce those people to you.
By camera, I can feel the passion for river flowing through this room, and it is an inspiration.
I had a chance to talk with Margaret Sandburn and Wilma Dykeman.
These women have immortalized rivers, and they have also fought for their health and their well-being, and I salute you and I thank you for the leadership you have provided to this river conservation movement.
I am very, very pleased with the recent elevation of rivers on the national agenda.
I don't know how many of you happened to catch in the State of the Union address President Clinton announcing the American Heritage Rivers Initiative, but it is something which American Rivers is very, very excited about.
We see it as probably the best thing that has happened to Rivers in 25 years, and we think it's
It's a wonderful thing to encourage people all across the country to continue their good efforts to restore and protect our nation's rivers.
The initiative has two main components.
One is to select, in the first year, ten rivers across the nation that will stand up as American heritage rivers.
And I have no doubt that many of those ten
will be among the ones that were immortalized in the Rivers Heritage Series and I have no doubt that the authors and the illustrators and the other people who are here tonight will work very hard to see that their rivers are among those ten.
I encourage you to do that strongly.
The other part of the initiative is to create a toolbox that will be available for all rivers
all three and a half million dollars of rivers and streams in the country.
And that toolbox will make it easier for the community to get down to the business of restoring this great heritage.
By restoring our rivers, we restore our heritage, we restore and salute our literature, we restore our environment.
I am reminded of the words of one of our other board members, Charles Corral, who says that America is a great story and there's a river on every page.
So we very much look forward to working with the book and taking that story out to the people of America and thank you for the opportunity to be here tonight.
I guess one of our sub-themes is Women and Rivers because, as you all know, the Rivers of America book series was really planned and started by Constance and Skinner.
And I have a very brief acknowledgment of her role in the program.
And I did learn, in learning about the series, more about Constance Lindsay Skinner, and I thought it was appropriate that tonight we pay a brief tribute to her, and I have asked Martha Hopkins, who is a Library of Congress person working in our exhibits, Interpretive Programs Officer,
office with whom we had worked before and also was involved with the Women's National Book Association, which has a special relationship with Constance Lindsay Skinner to come forward and help us with that part of the program, Margaret.
Thank you, Joan.
As Vice President of the Washington Chapter of the Women's National Book Association, I want to speak about Constance Lindsay Skinner's contributions to that organization and about the award which we give in her honor.
Let me first take you back to the days when WNBA was formed, a time when women were not welcome in the publishing associations of the New York publishing industry.
So, in 1917, a group of female booksellers put out a call for women to join them in forming their own organization, the Women's National Book Association.
This organization of writers, editors, publishers, librarians, and other book lovers have expanded over the years to include chapters in many U.S.
cities as well as in New York and Washington.
We don't know if Constance Lindsay Skinner was among the women who came to the observational meetings in 1917, but we do know that she was living in New York at that time.
She had come there in 1915 to write and also to serve as a literary critic for the New York Journal Tribune.
Skinner's love of books must have led her to investigate the newly formed WNBA, and we do know that by 1926 she was deeply involved.
Realizing the need for a publication for that organization, she helped found the Book Woman, which is still our national newsletter.
During her long association with the New York chapter of WNBA, Constance Lindsley Skinder's career stretched across several book-related fields—journalist, poet, author, literary critic, and editor.
She wrote numerous children's books, many of them a genuine story before.
She also wrote poetry about the Indians of her native British Columbia.
Her most ambitious project during the last decade of her life was the Rivers of America series, which we are celebrating tonight.
Constance Lindsay Skinner was a vivacious and colorful woman who never lost her sense of adventure.
Her protege, Helen Colquois, remembers how she struck all Indian people, and I think they may have been first put off by her drive, appearance, and presence.
They very quickly were put at you by her charming nature and wonderful writhe sense of humor.
But she could also poach her highly lawed authority with her sweetly cross-stitch life as wicked as opinion.
Skinner's talents were highly valued by her WMBA colleagues.
When she suddenly died in 1939, it was suggested that an award be given in her honor to an outstanding American book woman who had made an exceptional contribution to books and read books to society.
Since 1940, the award has been presented to a number of outstanding women who have been effective at the national and international level in bringing books and people together.
Recipients have included Pearl Buck, Eleanor Roosevelt, Rachel Carson, Barbara Bush, and most recently, Carolyn Hollywood.
I might add that, in addition to being named for Skinner, the award has had other associations with the Rivers of America series.
The first award was presented in 1940 to Ann Carol Moore, a prominent New York children's librarian, by one of Skinner's Rivers of America series authors, Carl Harmon.
In fact, Skinner was actually correcting Galilee when Carmen's book the night that she died.
She was actually found with Ken and Ma'am correcting Galilee.
In 1941, the award went to Blair Niles, who wrote the book about the James River series.
Among WNBA members, Skinner is still remembered and honored of an active member, former vice president of the New York chapter, a founder of the Book Woman, and one of the first women to hold a major editorial position in an American publishing company.
Thank you.
Here's a quote from Constance Lindy Skinner that I love.
The natural rhythm of moving the pioneer life of America forward was the rhythm of flowing water, she wrote.
Because Rivers had a powerful influence on the temperament and the imagination of mankind, end quote, she determined that the books in the Rivers of America series first would be literary and then historical.
But the key was the authors would be from the regions of the rivers they wrote about.
The illustrators would be well-known regional artists also familiar with the river being described.
The 65 books in the series were published between 1937 and 1974 by Carra and Reinhart and its corporate successors, Reinhart and Company, and Holt, Reinhart and Winston.
Constance Flynn and Skinner served as general editor of the series until their unexpected death, pen-in-hand, editing one of the books in 1939.
The series editors who succeeded her were Stephen Vincent Binet and Carl Carman, 1940 to 1944, Herbie Allen, 1944 to 1946, Herbie Allen and Carl Carman, 46 to 51, and Carl Carman, 1952 to 1974.
You can see that there's a complicated history here, but it's a history that I moved and heard Constance Timothy Skinner's own words, America forward to the stories of the rivers and the stories of the river folk.
And I think in paying tribute to Constance Timothy Skinner, we also have to think of the other folks who were the editors and whose imagination carried the series forward.
Not the least for the authors and illustrators who are here tonight and those who are represented by their families and others whose remembrance has been involved, I think, through our conversations.
To symbolize this, I've asked just two of our authors to say a brief word tonight, and let me tell you how I chose them.
It wasn't very difficult, because if you take the list in your program of the books chronologically, you will see that the author here tonight, who represents the earliest published in the book, is Dr. Thomas Clark, whose book, The Kentucky, was published in 1942.
And we also are honored to have the author of the most recent book in this series, Margaret Sanborn, author of America, which was published in 1920.
And I would like first to call on Dr. Clark and then Margaret for just a few thoughts that they might have on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the Rivers of America book series.
Thank you.
I didn't remember, I was back in the 1940s, when I first read Larry Niles' book, and the earlier ones, and then read that description across from Linda's county.
She declared war against all historians.
I don't think she had any faith in my trade.
I'm riding down the Palisades with Constance Roark, that wonderful author and human being.
And I told her, I would like to do Margaret Ritter's books.
And she said, I'll arrange that for you.
She wrote to John Farrer.
and they were viewed during my grand major frontier, and a guy with a team from Steven Vincent Bernay had a contract in the same manner.
Later on, I was to develop their own friendship with John Farrah, and I almost don't dare tell you this story.
John went across Madison Avenue,
And this conversation took place.
John had just been to a funeral, and he said it was the most delightful funeral I've ever attended.
And it was the funeral of Constance Bender Skinner.
For me, I agree with Ms.
Skinner's essay and her major thesis.
The river races through American life like a common thread, really.
It's an important strand
It's a strand on which civilization itself is strong.
And walking up the Dino River, talking to people who never get into these pages of credit books.
People who live life at the ground level, who live it in an exciting way, have helped to blaze the way across this continent.
to develop its institutions, and richest of all, is a wonderful store of folklore and folk life.
Only I wish that I could go back to 1938, 39, and once again
throughout the banks of the Kentucky.
I would like to talk to the old log man who ran down the river, going through all the bends and the sucks, being exposed to all the dangers, threats, banks, rock floors.
I'd like to run them frankly.
and just once shut off my complete, shut off completely, my Methodist coffee.
And for one Saturday night, in one of the finest poor houses,
I love this guy.
I don't want to be adopted.
We've got to get him on the show.
It's great.
I'm going to change my name.
I understand.
I have a very nice wife sitting here.
I interviewed the boys in Cape Town and the girls who ran the game.
I'd like now to turn to Margaret Sanborn.
Margaret and I have had a number of telephone conversations in the last
month about this wonderful trip that she and Kathy were able to take across the country.
One of the things that she said to me tonight, and I don't think there's some part of the bargain at all, but the train trip from Mill Valley, a good part of it, went along the American River, which Margaret wrote about.
And I think this was both an unexpected trip, maybe not unexpected to you, but my geography is
slowly improving as I learned more about rivers, and I didn't realize that was the case.
And I think it was a wonderful beginning for your trip, and Margaret in particular, I learned, has been already involved in, as Rebecca mentioned, some of the environmental improvements related to the American River.
I would like to now call on Margaret Sandborn for her comments on the Rivers of America series and anything else she'd like to say.
Thank you.
so I don't think I would follow Dr. Clark.
But when John and I were talking about, he had mentioned to me as we were standing there about the importance of ecology coming for the news here, that the rivers of America.
And so I would have been telling him that this I had not realized until just about two years ago that the American has been long involved as a river that is pointed out by
as the one most engaged because we were about to have a band by an unnecessary and enormous band in Auburn, California.
And so I have been updating my American River book because it's going to be publicly published.
And there were certain things here that, of course, had to be changed.
And I was in correspondence and conversation with Charlie Casey, the Friends of the River in Sacramento, California.
And so he had given me some information by mail, chronology of the...
attempt from them, the river, every time defeated, but always coming back again and again, year after year, a very political sort of thing.
And so he made a little post script and he said,
You have a fan that I would like you to make contrast if you want to.
I don't know if she would be very, very happy because she uses your book and she has been using that book for a number of years with propaganda about the American River and against the band.
So I wrote to her and it has become a very, very close friendship.
And it seems that she gives slideshows and lectures on the rivers of California, but mainly on America.
And she quotes from the book.
And she, in her final words, she makes the final chapter, which is a very short one, the quotation from Leonardo.
And she reads that to the audience, because you haven't seen her.
So I decided I must go and hear this and see how she works with it.
It was very interesting.
The audience responded and she had lots of enthusiasm and of course it wasn't just for my book, but her own thing too.
She took two pictures.
So I thought that it was an interesting thing that this could be applied to all of us if we think they are in danger and the books could be of great importance as some people turn to and describe the people.
We read them, we learn what beautiful rivers we have, and certainly this is going to change our skin, because people are the solution to everything, and you see, well now, if it's gone, do we really want to?
And the American is one of the very finest rivers from the standpoint of river running and sports.
And also, we just want to get complicated because it has just three rivers, and it rises in the Sierra, and it's like,
wild, and we want to try to keep in that way.
And I think the people, more people know about this, about rural communities.
I think it's a lot of progress and makes a lot of sense to republish.
So, thank you, John, for asking me.
I think I might have mentioned earlier tonight to you or to others at least, and that was, we heard earlier when Rebecca mentioned that Wilma Eichmann has been involved in this, and Wilma told me the story about the chapter that she has in her book called The French Broad, and I hope I'm not telling you that accurately, Wilma, but I know I got the general idea.
and that was that she had some things about the pollution of that river in her book that the publishers weren't so sure about, and Wilma herself convinced them that she would tell this particular tale as part of the chapter along the line of the mystery story, and therefore we have the chapter in
the book on the killing of the French bra, which I believe is one of the earlier mentions of the problems of rivers in any of the rivers' books.
Now that I've said that, I'm sure someone else will correct me, but at any rate, I think it's an important link, early link between, of the various strands that we are trying to bring together to, are soon to be developed, there is a new Rivers of America project.
Another important part of it is the folk life, which was mentioned.
The songs, not just, well, we're going to talk about the songs of the river, we're going to hear some of the songs, but it's that link with the regional folklore, the tales, the stories of the river, the folk of the river.
And in the partnership that we're developing within the Library of Congress, the American Booklight Center is going to play and has already played a prominent role with the Center for the Book.
And we hope to add, as I've mentioned earlier, the Geography and Math Division, perhaps the, I hope, the Poetry and Literature Office, and lo and behold, even our National Digital Library, which doesn't know too much about this project yet, but I think it's important that we have talked
And I have talked with them because they're doing teachers institutes and I think the river local history is so important in demonstrating the interdisciplinary nature of our collection with the library and it's a natural way for us to move through.
To conclude argument, the American Folklife Center through Alan Dabour, his director whom I mentioned earlier, and Joe Hickerson, excuse me Joe, argument resents.
Some Psalms of the Rivers, I believe loosely based on the wonderful book, Psalms of the Rivers, in the Rivers of America series, edited by Carl Carmer, whose name is coming up again.
Music arranged by Dr. Albert Sermay, who Carol can tell us about Dr. Sermay.
but published at the early days of 1942.
There's a copy of this book, which I understand is one of the rarest books in the series on display in the exhibit of Carol's books next door.
I hope you look once the program is over, but at this time I'd like to turn the program over to Alan Ford.
Alan.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Well, I learned a great thought, a great place in hearing, as I said earlier, that in order to be restored, the river has to be restored.
And in that spirit, I didn't have no time for any story, but I'll tell you a story about myself.
My wife and I began visiting old times,
North Carolina and Virginia and West Virginia in the 60s, and on into the 70s, where I got promoted to the level of my council.
And during that period, in visiting old-time settlers,
I began to document their tradition, and that was the initial effort, but in time I was drawn to as well and learned from my new masters in Old Time Sibling.
But one of the things that struck me as I learned the repertory of Old Time Sibling in the Upper South
was the fact that an astonishing number of the Philippines were named after Creece and Rivers.
And at first, I didn't know what to make of this, or perhaps I attributed this to the fact that Creece and Rivers was where they lived, and they were interesting, and so we named them after them.
I didn't make much of it.
But when it grew from dozens to hundreds of Philippines named after Creece and Rivers,
I had to think perhaps something more was at work here.
And the clues of something more being at work came to me when I was visiting West Virginia in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.
And in asking about where people lived and how to get there, for the first time struck me, which I had encountered many times,
that in describing how to get to where somebody lived, they didn't say, well, you go down the road, and then you cut the back of the other road, and then you go up the hill.
They said, well, you go back over the mountain, and then you take the north fork of Cranberry down.
And I realized that all their descriptions of geography, their way of locating themselves
rivers with the arterial connection between them and the world.
And so this wasn't simply naming nothing plainly interesting.
This was naming their geography as a way that they linked themselves to the world around them.
And in that spirit, I'd like to tell you one utility named after a well-known river in West Virginia, the Chief Decker.
This team is called three-fourths of Chiefs
The three-quarters of Teeth are in one of the upper areas of the Teeth River.
Teeth is one of those rivers
There are a number of rivers in the United States that flow north.
And if you live on any one of these rivers in the United States that flows north, you say, we're the only person living on the most flowing river in the world.
I live on the St.
John's River of Florida.
We are very proud of you living on the only most flowing river in the world.
We forgot about the Nile.
But we forgot about the Chief, too, and many of the rivers and America itself.
So here's the three-fourths of Chief.
I have to say, this is a tune that was not well-rendered, not made.
Reminds me, actually, of him, a tax-gaining mountain stream.
It has a kind of a lovely quality and it begins right at the top of the team.
This way it can't be.
The further it is.
Thank you.
.
I'd like to introduce for the evening of Joe Dickerson, who's head of the Archive of the Book Culture within the American Book Life Center.
There he is.
And Joe is going to switch us from instrumental tunes, little tunes, to the world of salt.
So, Joe.
When John asked me to sing a song or two about rivers,
I looked through the songwriter book.
Great songs in there, so I could sing, Bank of the Ohio.
I killed her down by the Bank of the Ohio.
The Range of the Buffalo, which in passing Peace River, that would take about 15 minutes for me to sing, and Peace River would be in there once.
And we were talking about new rivers.
What about the American Self-Life Center's New River Project in West Virginia?
I think we'll hear more about that, the New River Project.
So I decided to go back to a song that I learned in 1957.
Well, I didn't learn, because in 1957 I went to graduate school at Indiana University in Wilmington.
And Ellen Stecker was a fellow graduate student, and she sang a song called The Brassos River, or the rivers of Texas.
And it turns out to be a song that was recorded, collected by Vance Randolph, the premier collector of folk songs and folklore of the Women's Arts in Arkansas.
They're doing major projects within the American Folklife Center, National Digital Library.
We'll be there with Vance Randolph.
But he met a woman named Ivy Claraville of Fayette Hill, Arkansas, in 1942, and who sang this song.
And she had heard it in 1921 from a hired man who had been impacted.
Now, when I went to IU, I used to sing the choruses of this song.
I used to sing the harmonies of this chorus.
because Ronald Stecker and Bruce Buckley signed along, and we had a group called The Settlers.
Back in 1957, we were going to make some trios, and the rest is history.
but this has this is a this is a song called the brazos river or the rivers of texas and i will do a footnote at the end about the nebraska version if anybody is here from nebraska but what i will do is i will render the chorus first
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, give me your hand.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, give me your hand.
There's many on the river that waters the land.
Any questions thus far?
No questions?
Good.
Everyone sing it.
Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie, Lie,
Now this song has more rivers for you and wine than any of the song I know, that's why I took it.
We crossed the broad Pecos, we forded the new sets, we swung the Guadalupe, we followed the Brazos.
Red River runs rusty, the bridge is hot clear, but down by the Brazos I courted my ear.
Fly, fly, fly, easily, give me your hand.
There's many on the earth that's water to land.
the fair antonini runs glossy and blinding the crooked colorado runs weaving and winding the slow san antonio of course there's the plane but i never will walk by the brazos again
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, give me your hand.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, lie, give me your hand.
There were many of the birds and monitors go hand.
She hugged me, she kissed me, she called me her dandy.
The Trinity is muddy, the brass rose quick sandy.
She hugged me, she kissed me.
She called me her own.
But down by the ground, though, she left me alone.
Lie, lie, lie, dearie, dearie, give me your hand.
The trench is the money, but the breath of quicksand.
The girls of Little River, they're pumped and they're pretty.
The Sabine and the Sulphur have many a beauty.
Down the banks of the Natchez, there are girls by the store.
But down by the breath, there's no wonder no more.
Then lie, lie, lie, leave me, give me your hand.
Fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly.
I had a friend from Nebraska who couldn't remember all those words, all those words, that's why.
I can't remember either of them.
And so she made up a version about Nebraska, which went something like,
We crossed the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we swung the Platte, we swung the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte, we fought in the Platte.
People who sing about rivers are pretty colorful too.
Wonderful.
Thank you, that is.
I will say that everyone here is invited to the continuation of tomorrow.
We're going to have a continental breakfast in the mountain room, which is on the sixth floor of this room, this building, as you come up to the center elevators.
The morning program, we're going to hear more about the books.
We're going to hear an overview of the Rivers of America.
We're going to talk together in a discussion among the authors of the books.
We're going to learn about the exhibition of the books down in Vanderbilt and some of the bibliographic kinds of considerations.
We'll talk with the illustrators about illustrating the books and what happens and share stories.
We also will hear, as I said, after we'll talk a little bit about the editing of the books at noon.
We will learn in the afternoon, as I said from Alley on the Cloud, about rivers that didn't make the series and what we might want to do about it to look ahead for the new project.
And we will have a panel about collecting the books and selling the books.
later in the afternoon and then wind up by any kinds of reminiscences that anybody would like to make for the documentation project about the Rivers of America.
You're all invited.
I hope you can join us on the way out tonight.
Please take a look at the book on cells on display in the room next door.
That's what has brought us together and that's what we need as our starting point for the new project.
Thanks for joining us.
Did you ever work with Marlowe, Joe, and Andrew on the full police series?